[CQT-337] Add pragmas to specification. (#83)
QuTech-Delft/cQASM-spec: docs/language_specification/statements/language_extension.md

Language extensions can be used to add client-specific (assembly) code to a cQASM circuit.
A language extension is realized through an **`asm`** _declaration_ statement.
An **`asm`** declaration statement consists of the keyword **`asm`** with the identifier of the client in parentheses,
followed by a code block containing the client code enclosed in curly brackets:

> 
> !!! info "" 
>     
>     &emsp;**`asm(`**_client-identifier_**`) {`** _client-code_ **`}`**
> 
> ??? info "Grammar for language extension"
>     
>     _language extension_:  
>     &emsp;**`asm(`**_client-identifier_**`)`** _client-code-block_
> 
>     _client-identifier_:  
>     &emsp; _identifier_
> 
>     _client-code-block_:  
>     &emsp; **`{`** _client-code_ **`}`**

Reviewer: Below I have:
- Changed the term `client` to `backend`.
- Introduced the term `raw_text`.

I have just realized that `raw_text` will have to be a new token (a bunch of characters from the input string that we just place verbatim in the AST).

```suggestion

!!! info "" 
    
    &emsp;**`asm(`**_backend-identifier_**`) {`** _assembly-code_ **`}`**

??? info "Grammar for assembly declaration"
    
    _assembly-declaration_:  
    &emsp;**`asm(`**_backend-identifier_**`)`** **`{`** _backend-code_ **`}`**

    _backend-identifier_:  
    &emsp; _identifier_

    _backend-code_:  
    &emsp; _raw-text_
```

> As part of a cQASM circuit, the contents of the client code block will be interpreted by the client
> and ignored by all other consumers of the circuit.
> 
> The location of the **`asm`** declaration statement in the cQASM circuit is preserved,
> _i.e._ no cQASM statements can be moved across it by any subsequent processing of the cQASM circuit.
> This allows for the ability to embed client code into cQASM 
> with the guarantee that the relative order between cQASM and client code remains the same.
> 
> The following example shows how sections of code, specific to a fictional client called 'Backend',
> can be interlaced with cQASM statements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of a cQASM circuit, the contents of the backend code will be passed verbatim to the backend
and ignored by all other consumers of the circuit.

The location of the **`asm`** declaration in the cQASM circuit is preserved,
_i.e._ no cQASM statements can be moved across it by any subsequent processing of the cQASM circuit.
This allows for the ability to embed backend code into cQASM 
with the guarantee that the relative order between cQASM and backend code remains the same.

The following example shows how sections of code, specific to a fictional backend,
can be interlaced with cQASM statements:
```
